a mudskipper a fish that spends most of
its life out of the sea it can walk on
land and breathe air its life is very
different from that of most fish a fish
out of water maybe but they thrive here
in Japan so what's made this upheaval
worthwhile the answer lies in the mud
as the tide retreats it exposes mud
flaps sunlight hits the rich silt and
tiny plants and animals flourish they're
all food for a mudskipper but life on
land is not without problems it's hard
work to find a mate jumping high above
the mud will get you noticed
[Music]
with eyes perched on the top of their
heads the mudskippers keep a lookout for
both friend and foe and males fight
those who intrude on their territory
[Applause]
they must also take care not to dry out
in the Sun rolling in the Oilers keeps
the skin cool and moist for this smaller
species a better option is to retreat
underground so he digs himself a tunnel
down into the mud
[Music]
his heap of spoil is an indication of
the extent of his excavations with the
tide flooding the tunnel twice a day
maintenance is a real burden
[Music]